docs: adding security & change nature checklist to PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE (#2)
9fin/.github: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Links

[Jira ticket](url)
[Design document](url)

## Nature of changes

> - [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
> - [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
> - [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
> - [ ] Documentation update
> - [ ] Deployment update

Reviewer: Looks good -  do you think there's value in aligning it with the conventional commits spec?

<img width="917" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d0c6a9d3-a523-468e-93e4-0a0f5bdfbfdb" />

e.g.
```suggestion
- [ ] `feat:` - New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] `fix:` - Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] `docs:` - Documentation update
- [ ] `ci:` - Deployment update
- [ ] `!` - Breaking change (any of the above types, but a change that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

Based on [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#examples)
```

## Description of changes

<!-- Summarize the changes you've made in this PR. -->

## QA
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] If it is a core feature, I have added thorough tests.
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes

> - [ ] I have added the necessary observability elements to monitor for known edge case risks?

Reviewer: Nit: make it a statement
```suggestion
- [ ] I have added the necessary observability elements to monitor for known edge case risks
```
